# Tic-Tac-Toe

Challenges Faced:

- The use of ANSI escape codes made it considerably harder to extract "X" and "O" values from the game board. In the while loop, I was trying to find the index of X and push that index to a new array. However, console logging the new array showed that it was empty every single time. Troubleshooting by console logging the game board showed that the ANSI codes were preventing the indexOf method from finding values with "X", as the method was finding *ANSI CODE* X *ANSI CODE* instead of "X". Removing the ansi codes from the code resolved the issue.

- I was trying to have the board display numbered positions for the cells whenever the were availble to the players. I kept running into errors however every time I tried to run the script. The error i was getting was a RangeError describing how the maximum call stack size is exceeded. I searched my code and soon realized that using numbers as placeholders in the gameboard array was breaking certain logic in other parts of the script. More specifically, in the playTurn function the logic behind checking whether a chosen cell by the players is free was based upon checking if that index of the gameboard had a value of " ". As an empty gameboard cell was previously represented this way, this condition was working. However when I changed the reference for available cells from " " to placeholder numbers the playTurn function was never able to successfully confirm a cell to be availble for the players symbol. This forced the script to have no condition to stop the playGame function from being called as the gameRunning variable never gets changed from true to false, causing the program to run out of space to keep track of these repeated calls (Rollbar, 2024). To implement the placeholder numbers into my gameboard, i created two variables; gameState which is an array of " ", and gameBoard as an array of the placeholder numbers. The gameState array is used for game logic whereas the gameBoard array is purely for visual display in the terminal. 


